ccache: add page (#12152)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ccache.md

# ccache

> C/C++ compiler cache.

> > Note: ccache can also mock a compiler by changing the executable's name. Packages usually provide symlinks for common compilers at `/usr/lib/ccache/bin`. Prepend this directory to `$PATH` to automatically use ccache for these compilers.

Reviewer: I tried to make it more concise, that line is kind of long.
```suggestion
> Note: packages usually provide symlinks for compilers in `/usr/lib/ccache/bin`. Prepend this directory to `$PATH` to automatically use `ccache` for them.
```

Author: Ok !

> More information: <https://ccache.dev/manual/latest.html>.

- Show current cache [s]tatistics:

`ccache --show-stats`

- [C]lear all cache:

`ccache --clear`

- Reset ([z]ero) statistics (but not cache itself):

`ccache --zero-stats`

> - Compile C code and cache compiled output (for better usage, see note above):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compile C code and cache compiled output (to use `ccache` on all `gcc` invocations, see the note above):
```

# ccache

> C/C++ compiler cache.

> > More information: <https://linux.die.net/man/1/ccache>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://ccache.dev/manual/4.9.html#_command_line_options>.
```
For man page links, we prefer to use manned.org (would be https://manned.org/ccache in this case) as a fallback, but the priority is the official documentation. From the style guide:
> ## More information links
> 
> - On the `More information` link line, we prefer linking to the author's provided documentation of the command line reference or the man page. When not available, use <https://manned.org> as the default fallback for all platforms (except `osx` and BSD platforms other than FreeBSD). Alternatively, you can link to the author's website or a tutorial page if the command doesn't have a documentation page.

> > C/C++ compiler cache.
> > More information: <https://ccache.dev/manual/latest.html>.

Reviewer: How about mentioning it in the description instead?
```suggestion
> C/C++ compiler cache.
> Note: packages usually provide symlinks to compilers in `/usr/lib/ccache/bin`. Prepend this directory to `$PATH` to use them.
> More information: <https://ccache.dev/manual/latest.html>.
```

Author: Sure ! I pushed a new commit to do that (but modified it a bit)

> > More information: <https://ccache.dev/manual/4.9.html#_command_line_options>.

Reviewer: This will point to outdated documentation once a new release becomes available.
```suggestion
> More information: <https://ccache.dev/manual/latest.html>.
```

> - Show current cache statistics:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show current cache [s]tatistics:
```

`ccache -s`

> - Clear all cache:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clear all [C]ache:
```

`ccache -C`

> - Reset statistics (but not cache itself):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reset ([z]ero) statistics (but not cache itself):
```

> - Show current cache [s]tatistics:
> 
> `ccache -s`
> 
> - Clear all [C]ache:
> 
> `ccache -C`
> 
> - Reset ([z]ero) statistics (but not cache itself):
> 
> `ccache -z`

Reviewer: We prefer using long options: https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/blob/main/contributing-guides/style-guide.md#option-syntax

```suggestion
- Show current cache [s]tatistics:

`ccache --show-stats`

- [C]lear all cache:

`ccache --clear`

- Reset ([z]ero) statistics (but not cache itself):

`ccache --zero-stats`
```

> - Compile a file and cache compiled output:
> 
> `ccache gcc main.c`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Compile C code and cache compiled output:

`ccache gcc {{path/to/file.c}}`
```

> 
> - Create a symlink to ccache to automatically act as the given compiler (note: some symlinked files may already exist in `/usr/lib/ccache/bin/`):
> 
> `ln -s /usr/bin/ccache gcc && ./gcc main.c`

Reviewer: In my opinion, this example should be removed. Someone can have `sccache` installed in a different path, which will result in an error.

We usually only document usage of the command itself.
```suggestion
```

Author: This documentation is about `ccache`, not `sccache` tho

The point of this example is to avoid making users think `ccache gcc main.c` is the best way to use ccache, by showing them the how ccache can directly act as the given compiler

I personally think this example should stay, but I'll remove it if you want to

Reviewer: > This documentation is about `ccache`, not `sccache` though

That was a typo, sorry.

All symlinks are by default in `/usr/lib/ccache/bin`. Prepending `/usr/lib/ccache/bin` to your `$PATH` allows you to use them without providing an absolute path, whereas this example creates new symlinks in the current working directory, which isn't very useful in my opinion.
